I just want something to have more time
my end and hours in the day
where's the rest never met the quota my
units are up from last week
so this quarter
few hours it's always been an hour lots
to price went up it's a two hour walk I
have an hour and a half and you better
run
the poor are meant to die
it's how the system works how's that
supposed to mean you really don't know
how old are you in real time 2805 the
truth is there's more than enough time
for everyone they're men with a million
years almost day-to-day for a few to be
immortal many must die no one should be
immortal if even one person has to die
you're not from around here are you why
would you doubt that you're a little
different come with me
cameras picked up a suspicious behavior
his name is will Salas you shouldn't be
there what are we gonna do steal
stealing if it's already stolen gonna
make them pay
come on help yourselves pretty good huh
we can't have a thousand years in the
wrong hands you could cripple the system
I will stop him
everybody wants to live forever not
meant to live forever the kids
No coming at you let's hope so
this crime wasn't taking time
he's giving it away
you